Here for these two jobs,
testing and deploying,
it might make sense to run them after each other
instead of parallel to each other,
because we probably only wanna deploy
if testing finished successfully.
If we got a failing test, we don't wanna deploy.
Now to run jobs after each other,
we just have to add one simple keyword here to the job,
and that's the needs keyword.
With needs, you can point to the identifier
of another job that must finish before this job
will start execution.
In this case, I can enter test here to clarify
that this job, the deploy job, needs the test job
to have finished before this job starts.
And it waits for this test job to finish
successfully before it starts.
Now there are different ways of
configuring all these things,
for example, you could wrap this in brackets
to wait for multiple jobs to finish,
but here we just have one other job
for which you wanna wait.
However, that's how I specified this here,
and with this change implemented,
we can push this updated job here, this updated Workflow.
Run jobs after each other.
That sounds like a good commit message,
and now we can push this to GitHub,
and there we will then see that for this Workflow here,
these now run after each other
and it's also reflected visually here.
We see that deploy will only start
after testing finished.
So let's wait for these jobs to finish, for test to finish,
and then for deploy to finish.
Here we go, test finished.
Now deploy starts,
and of course, eventually that will finish as well.
Now it is of course worth noting that overall,
this Workflow will therefore take longer.
That should make a lot of sense
because now the jobs don't run in parallel,
but after each other.
Nonetheless, it can make a lot of sense to make sure
that we're not deploying an updated version
of this website if our tests failed.
And to also show you what happens if this first job fails,
let's break it again.
Back here in the project,
we can break it in the same way as we did it before,
by adding this not keyword here,
in line 19 in MainContent.test.jsx.
And then I'll add a new commit,
where I say broke test and which I then push,
and with that, unsurprisingly,
another Workflow execution will be triggered.
But this time, the deployed shop never start running
because tests will eventually finish unsuccessfully.
So let's wait for that to happen.
Here we go.
As you can see, this job did not finish successfully
and therefore this job wasn't even started.
Now of course, again,
that's not really the desired result here,
and therefore I'll revert this last commit
by getting its ID,
and then using get revert to get rid of it.
I'll then confirm this and push this updated code
with this commit that reverts this breaking change.
And therefore of course,
another Workflow run will be triggered,
and this time both jobs will finish successfully again.
Here we go.